Publish runbook (#1000)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/examples/publish-runbook.md

---
title: Publish a runbook
description: An example script to publish a runbook.

---

> These scripts demonstrate how to programmatically publish a runbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script demonstrates how to programmatically publish a runbook.
```

## Usage
Provide values for the following:
- Octopus URL
- Octopus API Key
- Name of the space to work with
- Name of the project with the runbook
- Name of the runbook
- Name for the new snapshot

> ## Scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Script
```
